.TH NATIVE-GRID 1 "October 14, 2011"
.SH NAME
native grid \- fast, coherent platform for grid computing
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B native-grid
.RI [ options ]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B gridd
native grid computing daemon.
.PP
.B gridd
is a platform for developing grid computing-style applications.
.br
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax. A summary of options
is included below.
.TP
.B \-s <file>
Unix socket path to listen on (disables network support).
.TP
.B \-a <perms>
Permissions (in octal format) for Unix socket created with \-s option.
.TP
.B \-l <ip_addr>
Listen on <ip_addr>; default to INADDR_ANY. This is an important option to
consider as there is no other way to secure the installation. Binding to an
internal or firewalled network interface is suggested.
.TP
.B \-d
Run as a daemon.
.TP
.B \-u <username>
Assume the identity of <username> (only when run as root).
.TP
.B \-m <num>
Use <num> MB memory max to use for object storage; the default is 64 megabytes.
.TP
.B \-c <num>
Use <num> max simultaneous connections; the default is 1024.
.TP
.B \-p <num>
Listen on TCP port <num>, the default is port 2468.
.TP
.B \-U <num>
Listen on UDP port <num>, the default is port 2468, 0 is off.
.br
.SH LICENSE
This application is copyright David Hoyt and is distributed under
the Apache License, v2.0.
.br
.SH SEE ALSO
The README file that comes with gridd
.br
.B https://github.com/davidhoyt/native-grid/
.SH AUTHOR
gridd was written by David Hoyt
.B <dhoyt@hoytsoft.org>
.br
